# Implementations
In this repository jupyter notebooks, which implement all experiments that are done in my bachelor thesis, can be found. Furthermore, implementations for all integer linear programs and both approximative approaches are included.

## Integer Linear Programs
All four integer linear programs, that are stated in my thesis are implemented in python and optimized with GUROBI. The implementations can be found in the folder [/ilp](https://github.com/caraueb/implementations/tree/main/ILP).

## Approximative Approaches
The implementation of the original greedy algorithm and the adapted version of this algorithm can be found in the folder [/greedy](https://github.com/caraueb/implementations/tree/main/greedy).

## Comparison
In multiple experiments, we compared the solution generated by the ILP with the solution generated by the original greedy approach for the FPTUMKP. Moreover, we compared the ILP's solution for the MSFPTUMKP to the solution which is provided by the adapted approximative algorithm. Both notebooks can be found in the folder [/comparison](https://github.com/caraueb/implementations/tree/main/comparison). 

All parameters in the comparison are sampled uniformly at random and the sample distribution can be adapted as needed. 

## Output Files
All notebooks produce a .csv output file, that can be found in the corresponding /output folder.
For the ILP's and both greedy approaches, the output files contain the schedule for the campaigns. The output files for the comparison contain computational results from the experiments such as computing time and profit.
